Added TSS documentation (#4895)
apple/foundationdb: documentation/sphinx/source/tss.rst

> .. _testing-storage-server:

Reviewer: Is there a link somewhere to this document? Also generally your testing should including building the documentation with cmake and then looking at it with your browser. You can do this by running `ninja docpreview` which starts an http server on your local machine

Author: I linked it from the fdb CLI page when it references configuring TSS.
Is there a higher level directory/index type thing I should link from as well?
And thanks! That makes sense

############################
Testing Storage Server (TSS)
############################

.. include:: guide-common.rst.inc

This document covers the operation and architecture of the Testing Storage Server feature, or TSS for short.

.. _tss-introduction:

Summary
============

The TSS feature allows FoundationDB to run an "untrusted" storage engine (the *testing storage engine*) directly in a QA or production envronment with identical workload to the current storage engine, with zero impact on durability or correctness, and minimal impact on performance.

This allows a FoundationDB cluster operator to validate the correctness and performance of a different storage engine on the exact cluster workload before migrating data to the different storage engine.

> A Testing Storage Server is paired to a normal Storage Server. Both servers in the pair recieve the exact same requests, and contain the exact same data. The SS and TSS' responses are compared to ensure that they match, and performance metrics are recorded for the pair.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Testing Storage Server is paired to a normal Storage Server. Both servers in a new pair start empty and take on exactly the same data and serve exactly the same read requests. The SS and TSS responses are compared client-side to ensure that they match, and performance metrics are recorded for the pair.
```

One implication of this is, during TSS recruitment, the cluster is effectively down one storage process until a second storage process becomes available.
While clusters should be able to handle being down a single storage process anyway to tolerate machine failure, an active TSS recruitment will be cancelled if the lack of that single storage process is causing the cluster to be unhealthy. Similarly, if the cluster is unhealthy and unable to find new teams to replicate data to, any existing TSS processes may be killed to make room for new storage servers.

TSS Process
-----------

A TSS process is almost identical to a normal Storage process, with the exception that it does not pop its tag from the TLog mutation stream, and it listens to and processes private mutations for both itself and its SS pair.

Caveats
=======

Despite its usefulness, the TSS feature does not give a perfect performance comparison of the storage engine(s) under test.

> Because it is only enabled on a small percentage of the cluster and only compares single storage processes for the same workload, it may miss potential aggregate performance problems, such as the testing storage engine overall consuming more cpu/memory. It is not a substitute for full-cluster performance and correctness testing or simulation testing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because it is only enabled on a small percentage of the cluster and only compares single storage processes for the same workload, it may miss potential aggregate performance problems, such as the testing storage engine overall consuming more cpu/memory, especially on a host with many instances of it. 

TSS testing using the recommended small number of TSS pairs may also miss performance pathologies from workloads not experienced by the specific storage teams with TSS pairs in their membership.  

TSS testing is not a substitute for full-cluster performance and correctness testing or simulation testing.
```
